feat(lsp)!: promote LspRequest to a full autocmd and enrich with additional data (#23694)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lsp.txt

Note: doing anything other than calling
|vim.lsp.semantic_tokens.highlight_token()| is considered experimental.

> LspRequest                                                        *LspRequest*

Reviewer: for completeness these LspX events should also be listed in `:help events`, even if the full docs live here.

Author: Wouldn't there be conflicting vimdoc tags if they were in multiple places? `|LspRequest|` should link here, not to the one in autocmd.txt if we put it in both places, I think.

Either way, maybe another PR to shore that up? `:help events` doesn't have the other LSP related autocommands there yet, either (like `LspAttach` and `LspDetach`)

> After a change to the active set of pending LSP requests. When used from Lua,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Triggered when a LSP client sends a request to a language server or when the state of a request changes from `pending` to `cancel` or `complete`. When used from Lua,
```

Author: If you read the other autocmd docs for Lsp events, they all use this grammar (an assumed "Triggered...") Reading it this way flows better when reading through all the Lsp* autocmd docs.

If you want to reword this one, I should probably reword all of them. What's your preference @mfussenegger ?

Reviewer 2: Could also omit the "Triggered" and start with "When"

My main issue isn't the phrasing/grammar but how vague it is. It doesn't give any information of what kind of changes can happen and at what point in time they happen. One needs to imply it from the example code

Author: I rewrote the help entry for this event, let me know if you like this better.
